New functionality to install BLT's setup targets logic for installed project configs (#646)
LLNL/blt: docs/api/target.rst

    blt_export_tpl_targets(EXPORT  <export-set-name>
                           [NAMESPACE <namespace>])

> This macro is now deprecated in favor of ``blt_install_tpl_setups``.  Install
>  BLT-provided third-party library targets to the given export set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
    This macro is now deprecated in favor of ``blt_install_tpl_setups`` due to problems with evaluating generator expressions early.
    
Install BLT-provided third-party library targets to the given export set.
```

  It is highly recommended that the NAMESPACE argument is used to ensure that
  the targets are given a unique prefix that will reduce the chance of
  conflicts.

.. blt_install_tpl_setups:

blt_install_tpl_setups
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: cmake

    blt_install_tpl_setups(DESTINATION <dir>)

> Install CMake files for configuring and importing third-party libraries (TPLs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install CMake files for configuring and importing BLT's third-party library (TPL) targets in downstream projects.
```

DESTINATION

>   Directory under the project's installation directory to install the TPL setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Directory relative to the project's installation directory where the installed BLT setup files will end up.
```

> This macro will install files used to configure the TPLs OpenMP, MPI, CUDA, and HIP.  Each file 
> uses generator expressions to determine compile and link flags needed by a TPL, then
> calls ``blt_import_library`` to setup the TPL.  Any project that requires OpenMP, MPI, CUDA, 
> or HIP should call this macro, and must ``include`` the file ``BLTSetupTargets.cmake`` from its 
> ``*-config.cmake`` file.  The file ``BLTSetupTargets.cmake`` is also installed by this macro.
> This file will then setup the TPLs when a downstream project calls ``find_package`` on the base 
> project.
> 
> This macro is meant to replace ``blt_export_tpl_targets`` as the favored way to configure TPLs
> for use by projects downstream.  An internal flag makes it impossible to call both from the same 
> project.
> 
> .. note::
>   ``BLTSetupTargets.cmake`` MUST be included from ``<project-name>-config.cmake`` in order for 
>   this macro to work correctly.  In order for this file to be found, it should be included
>   as ``include(<project-installation-directory>/<DESTINATION>)``, where ``DESTINATION`` is the 
>   argument passed to ``blt_install_tpl_setups``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This macro will install setup files used to recreate the necessary BLT targets OpenMP, MPI, CUDA, and HIP.
The setup files are the same as what are used in upstream BLT project. These setup files will call the necessary `find_packages` for each needed target and populate them with the necessary target information, such as compile
and link flags. The BLT targets are then recreated via ``blt_import_library``.

``BLTSetupTargets.cmake`` MUST be included from your project created config file, such as
``<lowercasePackageName>-config.cmake`` or ``<PackageName>Config.cmake``. For example, 
as long as you called this macro with the same ``DESTINATION`` as your exported project targets, ``include(${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/BLTSetupTargets.cmake)`` will recreate the BLT targets in your
downstream userr.
 
.. note::
  This macro is meant to replace ``blt_export_tpl_targets`` as the favored way to configure TPLs
  for use by projects downstream.  An internal flag makes it impossible to call both from the same 
  project.

```

I think this is better but it could be improved.

  conflicts.

.. blt_install_tpl_setups:

blt_install_tpl_setups
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: cmake

    blt_install_tpl_setups(DESTINATION <dir>)

Install CMake files for configuring and importing third-party libraries (TPLs).

DESTINATION
  Directory under the project's installation directory to install the TPL setups.
  The directory lib/cmake/ is recommended.

This macro will install files used to configure the TPLs OpenMP, MPI, CUDA, and HIP.  Each file 
uses generator expressions to determine compile and link flags needed by a TPL, then
calls ``blt_import_library`` to setup the TPL.  Any project that requires OpenMP, MPI, CUDA, 
or HIP should call this macro, and must ``include`` the file ``BLTSetupTargets.cmake`` from its 
``*-config.cmake`` file.  The file ``BLTSetupTargets.cmake`` is also installed by this macro.
This file will then setup the TPLs when a downstream project calls ``find_package`` on the base 
project.

This macro is meant to replace ``blt_export_tpl_targets`` as the favored way to configure TPLs
for use by projects downstream.  An internal flag makes it impossible to call both from the same 
project.

.. note::
  The line 

>   ``include("${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/../BLTSetupTargets.cmake")`` MUST be added

Reviewer: The `..` here shouldn't be needed. I would expect the upstream project to install this inside of their project directory, `lib/cmake/<project name>`, along with the rest of their files.

Please change the recommendation above as well in `DESTINATION`.

  It is highly recommended that the NAMESPACE argument is used to ensure that
  the targets are given a unique prefix that will reduce the chance of
  conflicts.

.. blt_install_tpl_setups:

> blt_install_tpl_setups

Reviewer: Would `blt_install_target_setups` be a better name?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: cmake

    blt_install_tpl_setups(DESTINATION <dir>)

Install CMake files for configuring and importing BLT's third-party library (TPL) targets in downstream projects.

DESTINATION
  Directory relative to the project's installation directory where the installed BLT setup files will end up.

This macro will install setup files used to recreate the necessary BLT targets OpenMP, MPI, CUDA, and HIP.

> The setup files are located in cmake/thirdparty relative to BLT. These setup files will call the necessary 
> `find_packages` for each needed target and populate them with the necessary target information, such as compile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installed setup files are the same files that originally created the BLT targets and will recreate the same process
in your downstream projects. These call the necessary `find_packages` for each needed target and populate them
with the necessary target information, such as compile
```
